c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\TripApp.exe.config
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\TripApp.exe
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\TripApp.pdb
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\View\TripListView.g.cs
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\View\TripListView.baml
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp.g.resources
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp.exe
c:\users\ttt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TripApp\TripApp\obj\Debug\TripApp.pdb
